vonk-8521 added AllowAnyNetworkOrigins setting documentation (#684)
FirelyTeam/firely-docs-firely-server: setting_up_firely_server/deployment/reverseproxy/reverseProxy.rst

   For security, the use of the `X-Forwarded-*` header is disabled by default in Firely Server 5.11.0 and later versions. This will impact all deployments using a reverse proxy. If you want to upgrade from a previous version, please configure this setting carefully.

.. note::
   If reverse proxy support is enabled, startup will be blocked if the ``TrustedProxyIPNetworks`` setting is configured to accept all IP addresses (e.g., ``0.0.0.0/0`` or ``0.0.0.0``). This is to prevent accidental exposure of the administration endpoints. 
   
   There are two ways to allow broad IP configurations:
   

>    1. Set the value of the ``ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT`` environment variable to "Development" (not recommended for production)

Reviewer: Suggest to swap option 1 and 2 as 2) is preferred

>    2. Set the new ``AllowAnyNetworkOrigins`` option to ``true`` (available in newer versions)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   2. Set the ``AllowAnyNetworkOrigins`` option to ``true`` (available in Firely Server v6.1.0 and higher)
```

This will result in Firely Server generating urls using the correct virtual base urls while running behind the reverse proxy.

.. _reverse_proxy_security:

Reverse Proxy Security Configurations
------------------------------------

The ``ReverseProxySupport`` section provides options to configure how Firely Server handles requests from reverse proxies, including security settings:

.. code-block:: json

   "Hosting": {
      "ReverseProxySupport": {
         "Enabled": true,
         "TrustedProxyIPNetworks": ["192.168.1.100", "10.0.0.0/24"],
         "AllowAnyNetworkOrigins": false
      }
   }

The ``AllowAnyNetworkOrigins`` Option
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

The ``AllowAnyNetworkOrigins`` setting is a boolean property that allows you to explicitly permit broad network configurations in any environment (including Production):

- When set to ``false`` (default): Firely Server will block startup if ``TrustedProxyIPNetworks`` contains ``0.0.0.0/0`` or ``0.0.0.0``, unless the environment is set to Development
- When set to ``true``: Firely Server will allow any network origin configuration in any environment, with a warning about security implications

> This setting provides an alternative to setting ``ASPNETCORE_ENVIRONMENT=Development`` just to allow broad network configurations, which previously was the only option and could lead to unintended side effects in other areas of the application.

Reviewer: I'd move this sentence to the release notes

- Even with this setting enabled, Firely Server will log warning messages about the security risk
- The recommended approach is to specify exact IP addresses or specific IP networks that should be trusted

Example Configurations
^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^^

For Development/Testing:

.. code-block:: json

   "ReverseProxySupport": {
      "Enabled": true,
      "TrustedProxyIPNetworks": ["0.0.0.0/0"],
      "AllowAnyNetworkOrigins": true
   }

For Production with Known Proxy IPs (Recommended):

.. code-block:: json

   "ReverseProxySupport": {
      "Enabled": true,
      "TrustedProxyIPNetworks": ["192.168.1.100", "10.0.0.0/24"],
      "AllowAnyNetworkOrigins": false
   }

For Production with Network Security at Other Layers:

.. code-block:: json

   "ReverseProxySupport": {
      "Enabled": true,
      "TrustedProxyIPNetworks": ["0.0.0.0/0"],
      "AllowAnyNetworkOrigins": true
   }

This configuration trusts all IP addresses as reverse proxies and should only be used when security is enforced at the network layer through firewalls, network security groups, or other mechanisms.

Migration Notes

> ^^^^^^^^^^^^^

Reviewer: Suggest to move to the release notes
